[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates depart
for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Receiving a distress call,
the crew lands on Punk Hazard,
an island split into two
sections with extremely
different climates:
the Burning Lands
and the Ice Lands.
After some of the crew
were taken captive,
Luffy and the others made
their way to the Ice Lands
to rescue them.
But, little did the
Straw Hat Pirates suspect
that some familiar faces
from past adventures
would also be waiting
for them on the island.
[LAW] So tell me, what brings
you to my vacation home,
White Hunter?
[LUFFY]
"The Warlord! Trafalgar Law!"
[grunts]
[TASHIGI]
Trafalgar,
I understand you're
one of the Seven Warlords,
but we need to get past.
Please step aside!
It's over.
We already know you're not the
only one hiding on this island!
[CHILDREN chattering]
[BOY A]
Mommy! Daddy!
Hey. What you
said to me earlier.
About how you guys
aren't sick anymore.
Yeah, what about it?
What was it like before?
I mean, like what kind of
disease did you guys have?
No clue.
All they told us is that we were
real sick and that it would
take us a whole year
to get well again,
so we had to come
here and rest up.
[grunts]
[CHOPPER] A year? And they
didn't tell you what was wrong?
Nuh-uh.
I guess maybe my parents
found out I was sick
and asked the people who
work here to pick me up
and help me get better.
And that's how I ended
up at this place.
That doesn't seem right.
Your parents really
sent you away?
[BIYO] Mm-mm. I was just
playing outside one day
and those people showed
up out of nowhere.
Then they brought me here.
They said I had to go
with them right away
or else my mom and dad
might get infected too.
I didn't even get to
say goodbye to them.
[NAMI]
What about you guys?
[GIRL A, B]
Yeah, same here!
[NAMI] Huh. This sounds like
straight-up kidnapping to me.
[CHOPPER] So a bunch of
strangers took you to some
weird place without letting
you say bye to your parents?
That could only mean one thing.
You kids are really sick!
They were lied to, obviously!
[CHOPPER] You're not
getting too tired, are you?
I can always carry
you on my back!
[yelps]
[NAMI chuckles]
Oh no. They're fine.
Yeah! We'll be okay!
Because the Master takes
really good care of us!
[NAMI]
The Master?
Yeah. He's so nice!
Master!
[GIRL A, BOY B]
[NAMI] Hold on. Hasn't it
been more than a year
since you were
brought here, though?
Chopper, you should examine them
as soon as we find the time.
[CHOPPER]
Yeah, I'll get right on that.
[NAMI pants, grunts]
[NAMI] Oh, great, the door's
locked! We're stuck!
[SYND]
Huh?
[MOCHA] But... But they're
gonna catch up to us!
[GIRL C]
What do we do?
I'm working on it!
[CHOPPER]
Nami! I got this!
Hyah!
[CHOPPER]
Don't try this at home, kids!
Ha! You can thank me later.
[CHILDREN cheer]
[BOY C]
He did it!
[NAMI]
You're handy these days.
[MOCHA]
Yeah, good job, Mr. Raccoon!
[CHOPPER giggles]
I am not a raccoon!
But you do look like one now.
--You're right!
--[NAMI] Okay!
We should hurry up!
[yelps] It's cold!
Chopper, give me your fur!
Oh yeah, sure thing.
Hold on, no way!
[NAMI]
Where are we?
Does this lead outside, or is
that some kind of freezer?
It's way too dark to see.
[CHOPPER] Ha! The temperature's
perfect if you ask me!
[NAMI] Yeah, well you're
from a Winter Island.
Looks like we can walk on this.
Agh, I can't see. Oh wait, look!
There's a door back there!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah!
[NAMI]
Let's go see what's behind it!
No, stop! It's scary! We can't!
[NAMI]
Huh?
What's wrong? Let's go!
Come on! They'll catch us!
But I can't,
because that's the way they
brought me in when I came here!
Really? Great, that means
it must be an exit then!
I know it's cold, but you
can make it! Come on!
No, it's not that!
[MOCHA]
It's, um...
Look around.
Huh?
[NAMI]
What?
[CHOPPER gasps]
[NAMI] It looks like there's
something inside the wall.
[NAMI, CHOPPER scream]
[MOCHA] See? It's scary 'cause
the walls are full of people!
[CHOPPER]
Are those corpses?
[NAMI]
Encased in walls of ice?
And the ceiling. Look!
[CHOPPER gasps]
The floor too!
[NAMI, CHOPPER whine]
[MOCHA] You're s'posed
to be the grown-ups!
Don't leave us!
[SANJI]
Huh?
[FRANKY]
Hm, I hope that's enough.
You already blocked their way,
that's all we needed!
Let's go!
I swear I heard Nami screaming
her lungs out just now.
If she's professing her love
for me, then I have to be there!
Uh. Anyway, who are those guys?
Half man, half sheep?
Isn't there some kind of
creature like that
from a fairy tale?
[SANJI] Sorry Franky,
but identifying fairy-tale
characters is pretty far down
my to-do list right now.
I've got a damsel to save first!
[KIN'EMON]
Wait! Unhand me then! Leave me!
I did not see my son among all
the children we set free!
Perhaps there are
more rooms here!
Allow me to stay and--
And what? You don't
have any arms or legs!
If I leave you here alone,
that means it's my fault if
anything bad happens!
I can't have that.
I care not! My only goal
now is to save my son!
Argh! You're on my last nerve!
All you have to say is
"help me find my body!"
We'll help you!
Swallow your pride!
Asking for help
from you pirates?
I would rather die!
However... I suppose if you
truly are that desperate
to locate the
rest of my body....
...I won't stop you
from searching.
[SANJI] That's it! I'm not
taking any more lip from a head!
Well, if it's come to this,
I accept my fate!
At least I died with
my honor still intact!
[FRANKY]
Whoa, Sanji.
Destroying a helpless
severed head
won't make you
feel any better.
[SANJI yells]
I mean, if you really
weren't taking his crap,
then you wouldn't have
brought him with us.
[SANJI]
Ah! But--!
[KIN'EMON]
Bleh...
Dammit!
This is driving me crazy!
I can't believe I was
stupid enough to be moved
by his determination!
He's not strong,
he's just stubborn!
I don't wanna help him!
Yes, but I'm sure you must
pity a poor disembodied head
who can't even defend himself
if someone attacks.
So would you like
to carry me? Huh?
[SANJI] Damn it, as soon
as you have an ass to kick,
you best believe
I'm gonna kick it!
[KIN'EMON groans]
You show no mercy, even to
those who can do you no harm.
You are a fearsome
foe indeed, pirate!
[FRANKY] Maybe Nami found
a way out. Hurry!
[KIN'EMON]
That hur-- er, itches!
[CENTAUR A laughs] I blew those
intruders out of the water!
[BROWNBEARD]
No. Look again.
Huh?
He sliced it in two.
That the best they can do?
Good thing you're here, Zoro.
They can't sink us!
Hey! You guys see my cool legs?
[CENTAUR A]
He cut the shell in half?
[BROWNBEARD growls]
Alright! Fire!
Ah! That's way too many!
Well, they aren't terribly
welcoming, are they? A pity.
I know! We should be friends!
Now Gum-Gum... Legs Balloon!
[KIN'EMON]
Poot! Now what?
No more legs!
The shells!
They bounced right off!
How the hell did
his body do that?
A Devil Fruit.
[laughs] I know just
the thing for you.
Prepare to fire!
[ZORO]
And here comes round three.
They just don't learn!
Show 'em who's boss, guys!
[ROBIN]
Hold on.
[ROBIN] Careful. They're aiming
right at the water.
So instead of hitting us,
they plan to sink our boat!
[USOPP yelps]
But two of us can't swim!
what are we gonna do?
[BROWNBEARD]
We'll sink their vessel
and watch them
drown in the lake!
Rot in hell, trespassers.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[USOPP yelps]
[LUFFY]
Uh-oh...
[BROWNBEARD]
Now!
[USOPP screams]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[USOPP]
Oh no!
[CREW grunting, shouting]
[ROBIN] The icebergs!
We should get behind them!
[USOPP grunts]
Good idea!
[LUFFY yelps]
[USOPP pants]
That was almost too late.
Well I didn't see you helping!
[cracking]
[shouts]
[BROWNBEARD laughs]
Oh, you can't swim?
Well, you shouldn't have eaten
those Devil Fruits then.
You're done! Bon voyage!
[BROOK] I have never
been so disgusted! Ugh!
How dare that horrid
ghost attack me!
Unprovoked, I might add!
The nerve! The undead
should stick together!
What's he thinking, haunting me?
He was rather strong, too!
[pants]
[BROOK] I hear something
in the distance.
Not that I have ears to hear it.
[BROOK chuckles]
[BROOK] You're a persistent
ghost, I'll give you that!
Very well. I shall fight you!
[BROOK]
Uh! Uh... Huh.
I'll pretend I didn't see that.
Oh! Luckily, I don't have
eyes either! Ya, ha!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A warbles]
[LUFFY] Hello? My name
is Monkey D. Luffy!
And I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates--
[USOPP] You don't
need to tell them all that!
[MAN A yells]
Someone help!
[USOPP]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
What's wrong?
[MAN A] Please, it's cold.
We need Boss!
[LUFFY]
Huh? It's hot where we are.
[MAN A] My friends are getting
cut down one after another!
The samurai is gonna kill us!
[LUFFY]
And where are you?
[MAN A gasps]
Please hurry!
We're on the Island
of Punk Hazard!
We don't have much time left!
[MAN A yells]
[TASHIGI] He said "cold",
and named the island.
Given those facts, it's almost
undeniable that the signal
was sent from here
on Punk Hazard.
And you've met Straw
Hat before, haven't you?
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Balloon!
[KID]
Repel!
[MARINES yell]
Now Room...
...And Shambles.
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE F]
You killed me! Ah!
[LAW chuckles]
[SMOKER] Two years ago,
during an incident involving
the Roswalds, a Celestial
Dragon family, you,
Luffy, and Kid
fought together.
We know what happened at
the War of the Best, too.
[LAW]
Quick! Hand over Straw Hat!
Hand him over and we can escape.
He'll die without my help.
[SMOKER] Straw Hat escaped
Akainu's clutches,
and you helped him.
[LAW]
All right, then. What now?
I happen to know you
Marines are pretty good
at faking those
distress signals.
[SMOKER] If you're suggesting
this is a trap we set,
I'm sorry to say you're wrong.
Is that so?
Well, sorry, I have no
more information for ya.
[SMOKER] You and I both
know that's bull crap.
Now I wanna see what's
inside that lab.
[LAW] It's my vacation home,
that's all. So beat it.
You abandoned this place, so why
can't a pirate come to relax?
I don't see anybody else around.
And if Straw Hat does show up,
I'll behead him for ya.
If there's nothing else,
get lost.
[gasps]
[CHILDREN yelling]
[LAW]
Hm?
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MOCHA] I told you!
The frozen people are scary!
[CHOPPER]
We gotta get outta here!
[NAMI] Hey look, there's a door!
I bet it leads to the outside!
[CHILDREN]
Yeah!
You hear those voices?
Somebody's in there!
[CHOPPER]
Wa-ha!
We're free now!
[NAMI]
Whoa, it's freezing!
[GIRL A]
We made it!
[SYND]
We're out of the building!
We're gonna be okay!
I get to see mom and dad!
It's cold, though!
[FRANKY]
Hello there, boys and girls!
[CHILDREN]
Huh?
[CHILDREN cheer]
[FRANKY]
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Franky!
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey,
Franky the Tank! ♪
♪ A super-duper tank's
here to save the day! ♪
♪ Gonna squash anybody
that gets in my way! ♪
[FRANKY laughs]
Except for cute baby
animals and stuff.
Super! I'm Franky
the Tank, whoo!
Now. You guys ready?
[CHILDREN] Yeah!
[ALL]
One, two, three!
Super!
[MARINES gasp]
It's the Straw Hats
and... children?
[MARINE A] Uh, what exactly
are we looking at here?
[MARINE B]
Giant kids, a raccoon, a robot,
a severed head, and a lady who's
not dressed for the weather.
I-I don't know where to start.
[BOY D]
Tank treads!
[BOY E]
So cool!
[BOY F]
Wow!
[BOY G]
He's a tank!
[BOY H]
Awesome!
[FRANKY] I'll trample all
the bad guys for ya! Woo!
Nami swan!
Thank goodness you're safe!
Not that you don't
look sexy in that top,
but you should cover up.
Don't want my darling
to catch a cold!
Oh good. Thanks, Sanji.
[NAMI gasps]
That guy! I know him!
Oh yeah! We saw him at Sabaody!
[NAMI] Are you the creep who
kidnapped those children?
You jerk! They're kids.
What's wrong with you?
[SANJI gasps]
Why is he here?
Smoker! I'd recognize
that ugly mug anywhere!
And Tashigi! Lookin' good!
Wait a sec! The Navy's here too?
Change of plans, kids,
we can't get out this way!
Look for another exit!
[CHILDREN shouts]
There should be a back door!
Try to find it! Go on, hurry!
What would bring the Navy
to a place like this?
Beats me! Let's just go!
[SYND] But... I always thought
the Navy were good guys.
[SANJI]
Fine, go with them!
[SYND] No! I don't want to,
they look kinda mean!
[SMOKER grunts]
So you did lie.
There are others here!
Guess so. Huh. But that
was a shock for me, too.
[TASHIGI gasps]
Marines!
Track down the
Straw Hat Pirates!
[MARINE C gasps]
Aye-aye, Captain!
Come on men, follow her!
[MARINES cheer]
Wait, stand back!
[LAW]
Room.
[gasps]
[MARINES groan]
Everybody all right?
[TASHIGI grunts]
[LAW] Those fools bring
trouble wherever they go.
[LAW]
And, Takt!
[rumbling]
What the hell is... that?
[SMOKER]
Huh?
[MARINES gasp]
Oh no!
[gasps]
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE C] The battleship,
it's floating in midair!
[MARINE D]
The river's up there, too!
What the hell?
That makes no sense!
[LAW]
I lied to you for your own good.
You should've listened.
Now that you've seen the truth,
I'm afraid I can't
let you leave.
[MARINE G gasps]
We're so screwed, aren't we?
[SMOKER]
Stay behind me.
You're no match for Law.
He'll dismember you on the spot.
[MARINE G laughs]
Yeah! Go Smokey!
[MARINE F]
Kick his smarmy ass!
[MARINE G]
Show him the G-5 means business!
[NARRATOR] With Law suspending
the ship in midair,
the G-5 Marines have
been overpowered.
The stubborn warlord's
mischievous actions
bring about an unforseen
predicament for Nami
and Sanji as well.
Elsewhere, Luffy's team
also encounters trouble
while crossing the lake to
get to the frozen lands.
One the next One Piece!
"In a Real Pinch! Luffy Sinks
into the Ice-Cold Lake!"
I'm going to be
King of the Pirates!